Add documentation for "string" command parameter (#95)
Microsoft/rushjs.io-website: pages/maintainer/custom_commands.md

You can also define your own command-line "parameters".  A parameter can be associated with one or more commands via its `associatedCommands` list.  You can even associate your custom parameters with Rush's own built-in `build` and `rebuild` commands.  In the above example, we associate the `--ship` parameter with `rush build`, `rush rebuild`, and our custom `rush import-strings`.

> Currently three kinds of `parameterKind` are supported:
> - **flag parameter**: A "flag" is a simple switch such as `--ship`.
> - **choice parameter**:  An "choice" requires an additional argument which must come from a list of supported alternatives, for example `--locale fr-fr`.
> - **string parameter**: A "string" can take any string as a value, for example `--name my-new-package`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently four kinds of `parameterKind` are supported:
- **flag parameter**: A `flag` is a simple switch such as `--ship`.
- **choice parameter**:  An `choice` requires an additional argument which must come from a list of supported alternatives, for example `--locale fr-fr`.
- **string parameter**: A `string` can take any string as a value, for example `--name my-new-package`.
- **string list parameter**: A `stringList` can take multiple string values, for example `--include my-new-package --include my-old-package`.
```
